README.md, before:

libjit-ffi
==========

Warning
-------

These bindings are still being developed, so the API is by no means stable.
Suggestions for improvements are always welcome!

Synopsis
--------

libjit-ffi provides bindings to the wonderful
[LibJIT](http://dotgnu.org/libjit-doc/libjit_toc.html) via
[FFI](http://github.com/ffi/ffi), thus bringing just-in-time compilation
to Ruby. A similar project called [ruby-libjit](http://ruby-libjit.rubyforge.org/)
exists, but I felt that using FFI rather than C extensions would increase
the portability of the bindings.

libjit-ffi currently wraps LibJIT 0.1.2, of which the source tarball may be found 
[here](http://ftp.twaren.net/Unix/NonGNU/dotgnu-pnet/libjit-releases/libjit-0.1.2.tar.gz)

Example
-------

    require 'libjit'
    
    multiply = JIT::Context.default.build_function [:int32, :int32], :int32 do |f|
      lhs = f.arg(0)
      rhs = f.arg(1)
      f.return(lhs * rhs)
    end
    
    puts multiply[6, 7] #=> 42

Installing
----------

### From source

1. Download the libjit 0.1.2 source tarball, extract it, `./configure` it,
   `make` it, then `make install` it.
2. Download the source for libjit-ffi.
3. Run `sudo rake install` from inside the libjit-ffi directory to build the
   gem and install it.

Features
--------

* 100% Rubyful wrappers - no thin bindings that feel like you're working with
  the C library directly!

Limitations
-----------

* Function building is not thread-safe.

Commit message:

switched from Jeweler to Burke, unignored native libs

README.md, after:

libjit-ffi
==========

Warning
-------

These bindings are still being developed, so the API is by no means stable.
Suggestions for improvements are always welcome!

Synopsis
--------

libjit-ffi provides bindings to the wonderful
[LibJIT](http://dotgnu.org/libjit-doc/libjit_toc.html) via
[FFI](http://github.com/ffi/ffi), thus bringing just-in-time compilation
to Ruby. A similar project called [ruby-libjit](http://ruby-libjit.rubyforge.org/)
exists, but I felt that using FFI rather than C extensions would increase
the portability of the bindings.

libjit-ffi currently wraps LibJIT 0.1.2, of which the source tarball may be found 
[here](http://ftp.twaren.net/Unix/NonGNU/dotgnu-pnet/libjit-releases/libjit-0.1.2.tar.gz)

Example
-------

    require 'libjit'
    
    multiply = JIT::Context.default.build_function [:int32, :int32], :int32 do |f|
      lhs = f.arg(0)
      rhs = f.arg(1)
      f.return(lhs * rhs)
    end
    
    puts multiply[6, 7] #=> 42

Installing
----------

### From source

1. Install the 'burke' gem with `sudo gem install burke`.
2. Download the source for libjit-ffi.
3. Run `sudo rake install` from inside the libjit-ffi directory to build the
   gem and install it.

Features
--------

* 100% Rubyful wrappers - no thin bindings that feel like you're working with
  the C library directly!

Limitations
-----------

* Function building is not thread-safe.
